**Table of Contents**

- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [What it does](#what-it-does)
- [How does it look?](#how-does-it-look)
- [How do I use it?](#how-do-i-use-it)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Changelog

 - 0.0.1 Release
 - 0.0.2 - 0.0.9 Readme edits
 - 0.1.0 Added the optional use of the file system as a cache
 - 0.1.1 Bugfix for default options if the init function was never called
 - 0.1.2 Readme edits
 - 0.1.3 Fixed a encoding bug in serving cached file system content
 - 0.1.4 Added a git repository to package.json :)
 - 0.1.5 File system cache will now create a folder in the os.tmpdir() location via the path module, The init function is now required to be executed, Forgot to throw a error in the memory cache code, Removed some unused variables
 - 0.1.6 Added the optional use of using redis as a cache and cleaned up the code a bit
 - 0.1.7 You dont have to have redis run to use file or memory cache
 - 0.1.8 Added a clearCache function
 - 0.1.9 Using sha256 for cache key generation instead of md5 (less collision chance)
 - 0.2.1 Instead of generating a hash from the html contents of the requested page (amount of bytes = yikes) the code now generates a hash from the requested filename and appends any locals that are passed on to swig
 - 0.2.2 init does not have to be called anymore this is only required if you want to override the default settings, the clearCache function is now working for memory and redis cache storage and can be called via swigMinifier.clearCache();
 - 0.2.3 You can now tell swig-minifier to not use a cache system at all and just minify.
 
## What it does

Minifies and caches html output generated by swig in use with the express framework.
You have the option to choose file cache, memory cache or redis.
File cache will be located in os.tmpdir() in a folder named 'swig-minifier'


## How does it look?

```javascript
var swigMinifier = require('swig-minifier');
swigMinifier.init({cacheType:"file"});
app.engine('html', swigMinifier.engine);
```


##  How do I use it?

### 1. Start by installing the package:
    npm install swig-minifier

### 2. Put this in your nodejs server file:
```javascript
// Require the module.
var swigMinifier = require('swig-minifier');

// Define options to use for swig-minifier
var options = {cacheType:"memory"}; // Choose to cache to memory
var options = {cacheType:"file"}; // Choose to cache to file system
var options = {cacheType:"redis"}; // Choose to cache with redis
var options = {cacheType:"none"}; // Choose to not use a cache system at all

// Important: If you want to use swig-minifier's default settings you can choose to not call init and set options.
swigMinifier.init(options);

// Change your app.engine to set to render with swig-minifier
app.engine('html', swigMinifier.engine);

// At anytime you can call to clear cache via this command:
swigMinifier.clearCache();
```
### 3. Your html code will now be automatically minified and cached via file or memory.

## Contact
You can contact me at specamps@gmail.com